Fix grammatical error (#2337)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/apis/backend/index.md

For this purpose, every Ethereum client implements the JSON-RPC specification, so there are a uniform set of endpoints that applications can rely on.

> If you want to use a specific programming language to connect with an Ethereum node, there are many convenience libraries within the ecosystem that make this much easier. With these libraries, developers can write intuitive, one-line methods to initialize JSONRPC requests (under the hood) that interact with Ethereum.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to use a specific programming language to connect with an Ethereum node, there are many convenience libraries within the ecosystem that make this much easier. With these libraries, developers can write intuitive, one-line methods to initialize JSON-RPC requests (under the hood) that interact with Ethereum.
```
